hey everybody today I'm going to show
you how to make an Asian style fried
pork tenderloin oh yeah baby what you
see there is one and a half pounds of
pork tenderloin now I'm going to get a
very sharp knife I'm gonna slice it very
thin okay now you do the whole roast
that way I know you want to watch me do
it but I'll do a couple pieces and show
you here just about like that right
there
okay be careful and do the whole doggone
thing and then take it to it a bowl I
use a mixing bowl and then that mixing
bowl I'm going to put a tablespoon of
minced garlic oh yeah baby and 1
tablespoon of oyster sauce a tablespoon
of white sugar
two tablespoons of fish sauce recipe to
be down below y'all and then two
tablespoons of white nu and two
tablespoons of the caramel sauce that
recipe had to be down below also okay
then we want to put a table putty spoon
of salt and a teaspoon of pepper on
there all right and then we take it over
with our spoon we're going to mix it up
really well make sure all the meat gets
marinade on it okay yeah just take your
time and do it real good and then get
you some plastic wrap push down on their
luck at and marinate frigerator for two
hours minimal okay two hours that's
Perdue dog going important now so now we
won when did you do that I want you get
your hot skillet put about two
tablespoons of vegetable oil in there
and then spread those pork steaks out
making sure every little bit of
tenderloin gets on that pan you know
what I mean so it can all cook evenly
and then what you got to do is just fry
it up you gotta stay with it when
everything starts looking nice and
lovely you'll want to turn it over I'm
kind of going through this fast on
screen biagas just can't don't hurt them
to turn them over and over
they're thin you want to get them nice
and brown just like that what happens is
some of them cook faster than the others
do so I just keep an eye on them going
to me and I still have a another batch I
got a fry up here to see there they are
finishing up and man I tell you it's
time to take them to a serving platter
y'all hey these things are delicious I
got this marinade recipe off a lady
named Helen
on YouTube and I've been using it for
some white hole now chicken and and pork
and stuff and I'm telling you it is
delicious so I just had to share it with
you and this is banned I tell you
whoo Oh baby hey listen folks if you
guys try this and like it give me a
thumbs up subscribe have a good day